# Sales-finance-Reports-Excel

## Sales Report :

- **Project objective:** 

    Create a Customer Performance Report by analysing both Purchases and Income generated by each customer  And Conduct a comprehensive comparison between Markerts to analyze which market yields more profits and which markets are lagging behind in Targets

- **Purpose of sales analytics:** Empower businesses to monitor and evaluate their sales activities and performance.

- **Importance of analyzing sales data:** Identify sales patterns and track key performance indicators (KPIs).

- **Role of reports:** Determine effective customer discounts, facilitate negotiations with consumers, and identify potential business expansion opportunities in promising countries.


## Finance Report :

- **Project objective:** 

    Create Profit and Loss (P&L) reports by Fiscal Year and Months.
    Create Profit and Loss (P&L) reports by Markets

- **Purpose of finance analytics:** Evaluation of financial performance, support decision-making, and facilitate communication with stakeholders.

- **Importance of analyzing Finance data:** Aid in benchmarking against industry peers and previous periods Foundation for budgeting and forecasting.

- **Role of reports:** Align financial planning with strategic goals Instill confidence in the organization's financial outlook.
  
   https://github.com/yashwanth-DA/Sales-finance-Reports-Excel/blob/main/Sales%20and%20Finance%20Reports.pdf

## Techniques used to generate Reports
- Incorporated ETL methodology (Extract, Transform, Load).
- Established data model relationships with Power Pivot.
- Successfully embedded supplementary data into an existing data model.
- Utilized DAX to create calculated columns and measures.


